fix: fix non-checked y coordinate in ecAdd (#18)
witnet/elliptic-curve-solidity: README.md

The solidity contracts have been generalized in order to support any elliptic curve based on prime numbers up to 256 bits.

> `elliptic-curve-solidity` has been designed as a library with **only pure functions** aiming at decreasing gas consumption as much as possible. Additionally, gas consumption comparison can be found in the benchmark section. Note this library **does not check wether the points passed as arguments to the library belong to the curve**. However, the library exposes a method called *isOnCurve* that contracts using the library can utilize before using the library functions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`elliptic-curve-solidity` has been designed as a library with **only pure functions** aiming at decreasing gas consumption as much as possible. Additionally, gas consumption comparison can be found in the benchmark section. This library **does not check whether the points passed as arguments to the library belong to the curve**. However, the library exposes a method called *`isOnCurve`* that can be utilized before using the library functions.
```

Reviewer: It's just a suggestion...feel free to change it! :)
